Add license information to README.rst (#7734)
Tribler/tribler: README.rst

We like to hear your feedback and suggestions. To reach out to us, you can join `our Discord server <https://discord.gg/UpPUcVGESe>`_ or create a post on `our forums <https://forum.tribler.org>`_.

License
=======

> This program is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 3 (GPL-3.0), as published by the Free Software Foundation on 29 June 2007. You can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of this license. For more details, see the full terms and conditions in the `LICENSE.txt <LICENSE.txt>`_ file at the root of this repository, or visit https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html.

Reviewer: Based on https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-howto.html, I'm missing the copyright years, the warranty statement and the "This file is part of [..]" statement. Secondarily, the use of "this program" is apparently discouraged.

I'd like to suggest a slight modification:

```suggestion
This file is part of Tribler, Copyright 2004-2023. Tribler is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 3 (GPL-3.0), as published by the Free Software Foundation on 29 June 2007. Tribler is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of this license. Tribler is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  For more details, see the full terms and conditions in the `LICENSE.txt <LICENSE.txt>`_ file at the root of this repository, or visit https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html.
```
